Add aspirational file structure guidelines to README (#948)
greenriver/hmis-frontend: README.md

```

To pick up the local schema changes on the frontend, run the `graphql:codegen` script (see above).

## Project Structure

> This project follows the [bulletproof-react](https://github.com/alan2207/bulletproof-react/blob/master/docs/project-structure.md) structure.

Reviewer: We're not really 1:1 with bulletproof right? So maybe more accurate to say we are inspired by it?
```suggestion
This project uses a module or feature-based structure which is inspired by [bulletproof-react](https://github.com/alan2207/bulletproof-react/blob/master/docs/project-structure.md).
```

Author: totally, updated

```
src
|
+-- api               # graphql queries/mutations/fragments
|
+-- components        # shared components used across the entire application
|
+-- modules           # feature-based modules
|
+-- hooks             # shared hooks used across the entire application
|
+-- test              # test utilities and mocks
|
+-- types             # shared types used across the application (auto-generated from the graphql schema)
|
+-- utils             # shared utility functions
```

Inner structure of a module:

```
src/modules/awesomeModule
|
+-- components  # components scoped to a specific feature
|
+-- hooks       # hooks scoped to a specific feature
|
+-- myTypes.ts  # typescript types used within the feature, with appropriate filename
|
+-- myUtils.ts  # utility functions for a specific feature, with appropriate filename

```

#### Guidelines for categorization

> * Prefer to co-locate code that deals with the same type of thing into a shared `module`, even if the components are rendered in different parts of the application. For example, the Project Services table and Client Services table can live in the same "service" module.

Reviewer: Maybe we should expect some level of documentation
```md
* It should be clear what the purpose of a module is and how to use it. An engineer should be able to quickly understand what the module's entry-points are without needing to understand the internals of the module. If this is not obvious from code structure or storybook, include a brief README.md in the module dir with examples/explanation.
```

Author: yes, thanks!

```

To pick up the local schema changes on the frontend, run the `graphql:codegen` script (see above).

## Project Structure

This project follows the [bulletproof-react](https://github.com/alan2207/bulletproof-react/blob/master/docs/project-structure.md) structure.

```
src
|
+-- api               # graphql queries/mutations/fragments
|
+-- app               # application layer containing:
|   +-- App.tsx              # main application component
|   +-- AppProvider.tsx      # application provider that wraps the entire application
|   +-- protectedRoutes.ts   # define routes for the authorized applciation
+-- assets            # assets folder can contain all the static files such as images, fonts, etc.
|
+-- components        # shared components used across the entire application
|
+-- config            # global configurations, exported env variables etc.
|
+-- modules           # feature based modules
|
+-- hooks             # shared hooks used across the entire application
|

> +-- providers         # shared contexts and providers? (added)

Reviewer 2: [to discuss tomorrow] Which contexts and providers will live in here? seems like `AppProvider` will move to `app/`, our Theme Provider lives under config (will it stay there?). The remaining apollo client code, I'm not sure if I think of it as a provider? (but maybe this is just a naming thing? :) ) Maybe that should even live under `api/`?

|
+-- test              # test utilities and mocks
|
+-- types             # shared types used across the application
|
+-- utils             # shared utility functions
```

Important modules
```
app
components             # no components, just a dir
components/elements    # common components
components/input       # base input components that are used across the app
components/layout      # layout components that are used across the app
components/table       # table components that are used across the app (could be a module or just in elements/ ?)

> components/pages       # ***keep or move to modules or src/app/pages?? these are not re-used

Reviewer 2: aside from `NotFound` I agree that these should be moved out of components into modules.

I also wonder if we should update to use Bulletproof React's naming, i.e. `features` instead of `modules`. I'm not sure, but it might help us remember/enforce that everything going in top-level `components` is meant to be reusable across the app
